[SIMI-88] Microsoft Copilot v2: Assets for webhook-based AI Interactions (Do no… (#22263)
DataDog/integrations-core: microsoft_copilot/README.md

## Overview

[Microsoft Copilot][1] is an AI assistant integrated into Microsoft 365, the cloud-based suite of productivity and
communication tools that includes Microsoft Office applications. Once a user within the Microsoft 365 organization
is assigned a Copilot license, they can access Copilot directly through Copilot Chat or through Microsoft 365

> applications, including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, and Teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Microsoft Copilot][1] is an AI assistant integrated into Microsoft 365 applications such as Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, and Teams. After a user in a Microsoft 365 organization is assigned a Copilot license, they can access Copilot through Copilot Chat or directly within supported Microsoft 365 applications.
```

By integrating Microsoft Copilot usage tracking with Datadog, you can ingest and analyze user activity to gain insight
into the value Microsoft Copilot delivers within your Microsoft 365 environment.

With this integration, you can:
- Track user activity through logs that capture each user's "last activity" per Microsoft 365 application.
- Identify the number of Microsoft Copilot licenses that have not been used for extended periods of time.
- Monitor real-time individual AI interactions via logs that are created from [Microsoft Change Notifications for Copilot AI interactions][4]
- Be alerted to a spike in AI guardrail responses from Copilot.

Microsoft computes Copilot usage reports on a time-delayed basis of [up to 72 hours][3]; real-time AI interactions

> are not affected by this. Upon detection of a new report, this integration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft computes Copilot usage reports with a delay of [up to 72 hours][3]. Real-time AI interaction logs are not affected by this delay. Upon detection of a new report, this integration:
```

## Overview

[Microsoft Copilot][1] is an AI assistant integrated into Microsoft 365 applications such as Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, and Teams. After a user in a Microsoft 365 organization is assigned a Copilot license, they can access Copilot through Copilot Chat or directly within supported Microsoft 365 applications.

By integrating Microsoft Copilot usage tracking with Datadog, you can ingest logs and metrics that reflect user activity and assess the value Copilot delivers within your Microsoft 365 environment.

With this integration, you can:
- Track user activity through logs that capture each user's "last activity" per Microsoft 365 application

> - Identify the number of Microsoft Copilot licenses that have not been used for extended periods

Reviewer: Is "last activity" an exact field name exposed to users? If not, we can remove the quotes.

```suggestion
- Track user activity through logs that capture each user's last activity per Microsoft 365 application
- Identify Microsoft Copilot licenses that have not been used for extended periods
```
